clarify ssh_publickeys oidc claim (#4116)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/integrations/oauth2.md

>
> In addition Kanidm supports some vendor specific scopes that can include additional claims.
>

> > - **ssh_publickeys** - ssh_publickeys (array of ssh_publickey of the user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - **ssh_publickeys** - ssh_publickeys (an array of the user's keys)
```
